What is java?
General Purpose language,
Object Oriented,class based and concurrent.
It is based on object that works together to make programs do their jobs easier.

What is Class?
Class is a user defiend blue print or prototype from which objects are created.

What is an Object?
An object is self contained component which consists of state/attributes/variable and behavior/method.

List of top 10 features in java?
Easy to learn
Open source
used in real world applications
Opportunity with high salary
Java follows oops
powerful developemt tools(debugging)
Rich api. wide set of procedure and functions.(JDBC)
Java is everywhere. (app like desktop,web,retail,mobile.)
Portable and versatile(ORRA) write once run everywhere.
Tons of resource and support.

What is mean by JDK,JRE and JVM?

JDK: software development environment used for developing java applications and applets.
It includes JRE (Java runtime environment), an interpreter/loader,a compiler, an archiver(jar), a documentation generator(Javadoc) and other tools neded in java development.

JRE: Java runtime environment/ JAVA RTE.
It provides the minimum requirement for executing a java application. It consists of JVM,core classes and supporitng files.

JVM: Java Virtual Machine converts the bytecode to machine specific code. 
It is "platform dependent" and provide core java function like Garbage Collection, Security Memory Management.
It provide an interface that does not depend on machine hardware and other Operating System.
Write Once and run anywhere.


Import indicate to call the classes and files,not to use them, 
But extends indicate to use the parent class in the child class.

interface..

Interface can possess public,default,abstract.

Method:
The interface body can contain "abstract methods, default methods, and static methods".

	An abstract method within an interface is followed by a semicolon, but no braces (an abstract method does not contain an implementation).
	Default methods are defined with the default modifier, and static methods with the static keyword. 

	Note for Method: All abstract, default, and static methods in an interface are implicitly public, so you can omit the public modifier.
Constant:
	Note for constant : In addition, an interface can contain constant declarations. All constant values defined in an interface are implicitly "public, static, and final". Once again, you can omit these modifiers.
